README.md, before:

# EGU22 SC5.2: Crafting beautiful maps with PyGMT

Material for the [PyGMT](https://github.com/GenericMappingTools/pygmt)
short course at [EGU General Assembly 2022](https://www.egu22.eu)!

**Conveners**:
- [Wei Ji Leong](https://github.com/weiji14)
- [Leonardo Uieda](https://github.com/leouieda)
- [Meghan Jones](https://github.com/meghanrjones)
- [Andre Luiz Belem](https://github.com/andrebelem)

**When**:
- Tuesday 24 May 2022, 13:10-14:40 (UTC) / 15:10-16:40 (CEST)
- [Event Time Zone Converter](https://www.timeanddate.com/worldclock/fixedtime.html?msg=EGU22+SC5.2%3A+Crafting+beautiful+maps+with+PyGMT&iso=20220524T1510&p1=259&ah=1&am=30)

**Where**: Online/Virtual

**Website**: https://meetingorganizer.copernicus.org/EGU22/session/43186

## Schedule

|  Time (UTC) | Event                                                 |
|:------------|:------------------------------------------------------|
| 13:10-14.40 | TODO                                                  |

## Code of Conduct

All involved individuals must follow the
[EGU General Assembly rules of conduct](https://egu22.eu/about/egu_general_assembly_rules_of_conduct.html)
and [PyGMT Code of Conduct](https://github.com/GenericMappingTools/pygmt/blob/main/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md).
Act and interact in ways that contribute to an open, welcoming, diverse,
inclusive, and healthy community. Any questions/concerns can be raised
in private via email to the EGU programme committee and/or any of the short
course conveners.

## License

<a rel="license" href="http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/"><img alt="Creative Commons License" style="border-width:0" src="https://i.creativecommons.org/l/by/4.0/88x31.png" /></a><br />This content is licensed under a
<a rel="license" href="http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/">Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International License</a>.

Commit message:

Add conda environment.yml and binder links (#2)
Add conda environment specification file, and buttons for regular Binder and Pangeo Binder. Also started a gitignore file.

README.md, after:

# EGU22 SC5.2: Crafting beautiful maps with PyGMT

Material for the [PyGMT](https://github.com/GenericMappingTools/pygmt)
short course at [EGU General Assembly 2022](https://www.egu22.eu)!

**Conveners**:
- [Wei Ji Leong](https://github.com/weiji14)
- [Leonardo Uieda](https://github.com/leouieda)
- [Meghan Jones](https://github.com/meghanrjones)
- [Andre Luiz Belem](https://github.com/andrebelem)

**When**:
- Tuesday 24 May 2022, 13:10-14:40 (UTC) / 15:10-16:40 (CEST)
- [Event Time Zone Converter](https://www.timeanddate.com/worldclock/fixedtime.html?msg=EGU22+SC5.2%3A+Crafting+beautiful+maps+with+PyGMT&iso=20220524T1510&p1=259&ah=1&am=30)

**Where**: Online/Virtual

**Website**: https://meetingorganizer.copernicus.org/EGU22/session/43186

## Schedule

|  Time (UTC) | Event                                                 |
|:------------|:------------------------------------------------------|
| 13:10-14.40 | TODO                                                  |

## Getting started

### Quickstart

Launch on regular [Binder](https://mybinder.readthedocs.io/en/latest/index.html).
Try this first!

[![Binder](https://mybinder.org/badge_logo.svg)](https://mybinder.org/v2/gh/GenericMappingTools/egu22pygmt/main)

Launch on Pangeo Binder. Hosted on AWS US West2 region.
Requires [GitHub account](https://github.com/signup), but is more powerful (more CPU/RAM).

[![Pangeo Binder](https://aws-uswest2-binder.pangeo.io/badge_logo.svg)](https://aws-uswest2-binder.pangeo.io/v2/gh/GenericMappingTools/egu22pygmt/main)

## Code of Conduct

All involved individuals must follow the
[EGU General Assembly rules of conduct](https://egu22.eu/about/egu_general_assembly_rules_of_conduct.html)
and [PyGMT Code of Conduct](https://github.com/GenericMappingTools/pygmt/blob/main/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md).
Act and interact in ways that contribute to an open, welcoming, diverse,
inclusive, and healthy community. Any questions/concerns can be raised
in private via email to the EGU programme committee and/or any of the short
course conveners.

## License

<a rel="license" href="http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/"><img alt="Creative Commons License" style="border-width:0" src="https://i.creativecommons.org/l/by/4.0/88x31.png" /></a><br />This content is licensed under a
<a rel="license" href="http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/">Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International License</a>.
